Document GCS log archives (#5832)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/archives/gcs.md

## Create and Configure a GCS Bucket

1. Go to your [GCP account][1] and [create a GCS bucket][2] to send your archives to. Under "Choose how to control access to objects", select "Set object-level and bucket-level permissions."

2. Set up the [GCP integration][3] for the project that holds your GCS storage bucket, if you haven’t already. This involves [creating a GCS Service Account that Datadog can use][4] to integrate with.

3. Next, grant your Datadog GCP Service Account sufficient permissions to write your archives to your bucket. If you’re creating a new Service Account, this can be done from the [GCP Credentials page][5]. If you’re updating an existing Service Account, this can be done from the [GCP IAM Admin page][6]). Add the role under **Storage** called **Storage Object Creator**. 

  {{< img src="logs/archives/gcp_role_storage_object_creator.png" alt="Add the Storage Object Creator role to your Datadogh GCP Service Account." responsive="true" style="width:75%;">}}

4. Go to your [Archives page][7] in Datadog, and select the **Add a new archive** option at the bottom. Only Datadog users with admin status can complete this and the following step.

> 5. Select the GCS archive type, and the GCS Service Account that has permissions to write on your storage bucket. Input your bucket name. Optionally input a prefix directory for all the content of your log archives. Save your archive, and you are finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select the GCS archive type, and the GCS Service Account that has permissions to write on your storage bucket. Input your bucket name. Optional: input a prefix directory for all the content of your log archives. Then save your archive. 
```

## Format of the Archives

The log archives that Datadog forwards to your storage bucket are in compressed JSON format (`.json.gz`). Under whatever prefix you indicate (or `/` if there is none), the archives are stored in a directory structure that indicates on what date and at what time the archive files were generated, like so:

`/my/bucket/prefix/dt=20180515/hour=14/archive_143201.1234.7dq1a9mnSya3bFotoErfxl.json.gz`

This directory structure simplifies the process of querying your historical log archives based on their date.

Within the zipped JSON file, each event’s content is formatted as follows:

```
{
    "_id": "123456789abcdefg",
    "date": "2018-05-15T14:31:16.003Z",
    "host": "i-12345abced6789efg",
    "source": "source_name",
    "service": "service_name",
    "status": "status_level",
    "message": " ... log message content ... ",
    "attributes": { ... log attributes content ... }
}
```

> **Note**: Archives only include log content which consists of the message, custom attributes, and reserved attributes of your log events. The log tags (metadata that connects your log data to related metrics and traces) are not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Archives only include log content, which consists of the message, custom attributes, and reserved attributes of your log events. The log tags (metadata that connects your log data to related metrics and traces) are not included.
```

## Multiple Archives

Admins can route specific logs to an archive by adding a query in the archive’s filter field. Logs enter the first archive whose filter they match on, so it is important to order your archives carefully.

> For example, if you create a first archive filtered to the env:prod tag and a second archive without any filter (the equivalent of `*`), all your production logs would go to one storage bucket/path and the rest would go to the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you create a first archive filtered to the `env:prod` tag and a second archive without any filter (the equivalent of `*`), all your production logs would go to one storage bucket/path, and the rest would go to the other.
```
